The ASDA cheesecakes are meticulously delicious, with the deep vanilla flavours embellishing the lemon notes, and its crisp digestive biscuit base. An opinion of said cheesecakes is that they are very worth their price, in fact some consumers go as far as to say that eating one isn’t enough. One particular consumer of the ASDA cheesecakes tends to reach to the extremes, eating two per serving, and having up to seven per day. The nutritional label on the package recommends a single cheesecake to be shared among three people, and therefore this cheesecake fanatic eats up to 21 whole servings a day. That’s aAccording to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.The critically acclaimed album of the year, Cheescake factory by Ronald Mcdonald, has influenced alot of the industry in ways that can be both observed in the market research amongst the youngins and the oldems. Partly because of its  influence in the cupcakke industry specifically after the redbull celsius wars of 2010’s , Ronald’s release sparked waves of hope amongst the ,munchkins and barbs alike styll. This inturn helped establish the piece jiggles between the upper and lower classes of the JiaFei empire. Now, the cultural impact of Chrysanthemums sometimes called mums or chrysanths, are flowering plants in the Asteraceae family. They are native to East Asia and northeastern Europe. Most species originate from East Asia and the centre of diversity is in ChinaButterflies are going extinct due to several factors: habitat loss, climate change and pesticide use. Their decline is not only an ecological tragedy but also a reminder of the urgent need to protect biodiversity and maintain the balance of natural ecosystems. Butterflies play crucial roles in pollination and are indicators of environmental health—losing them would have far-reaching consequences for other species, including humans. According to the Natural History Museum, a significant number of butterfly species have declined since the 1970s, with 80% showing a decrease in numbers. Specifically, a report indicated that half of the remaining butterfly species are at risk of extinction from Britain. More specifically, the Monarch Butterfly: these have adapted to survive the harshest conditions. For example, their wings have adapted shape to enable them to be long distance travellers, and their antennae have a genetic clock that tells them how to migrate. The Lily of the Valley is a plant that primarily grows in woodland areas, they usually flower in late spring. Whilst they are usually white, there are also pale pink flowers, and they can have variegated leaves. Traditionally, it is worn yearly on the flora day celebration in Cornwall, more recently at the start of the 20th century it started being sold in France on Labour Day. Between both of them it is used as a symbol of springPenguins are a group of aquatic flightless birds' home to the. Photography – something that is often used as a form of communication but for the most part it is used to hold memories of the past in a various amount of way. Be it through images, videos via digital cameras or film; the possibilities are endless. It is the art of “recording light” to create something.
Standing amidst the vast crowds of obscure pale grey beings I awaited my eventual challenge, the reason I was captured was due to be unveiled. My heart palpated like a severely overclocked metronome, a staccato cacophony flowed freely through my body, my bodily motions no longer my own.I was finally put out of my misery.A decaying dark crate descended before me, shaking violently as I yearned to know what was inside. What was sick sadistic gladiatorial interests did these strange beings wish to see?It opened.A.My companion screamed, “CHICKEN JOCKEY”I have always dreamed of being able to cast magic, partly because I'm a huge nerd and partly because the idea fascinates me. I want the power to levitate at will, soaring through the air with ease, and to transform others into animals, simply because I would find it endlessly amusing.Just as Abel had recovered from the catch, they felt themselves be tossed to the side as The massive net between each ship yanked all four together. The chair swivelled to follow the momentum, but the mechanism had been sluggish for a while, so they swung around the cockpit and nearly headbutted the dash. A stream of ice pattered as heavy hail across the ship almost drowned among the throng of metallic screech and engine rumble. Though they were flying uncomfortably close to the Winter, Abel couldn’t see Dad through the whiteout, only heard his grunts over the comms.It would probably be a beautiful scene, the comet trail contrasted by the burn of engines as the two splashes of light fight one another. An artist would spout some commentary about Man’s folly to defy nature, the clash of nature’s unstoppable force with humanity's gall to stand in the way and catch it.A scream cuts through, sharp and guttural. A ship roared free from the four and spun out in a flurry of afterburners and once-ship scrap. Mum’s cable had come broken loose, a feat that should be impossible as each meter-thick wire was woven through the solid core of the vessels but Abel saw in horror as the Summer was now snapped awfully in two. The lower half still clung to the cable and flailed as an uncontrolled mace; the upper half spun free and vanished from Abel’s view.Holi is a religious festival associated with Hinduism and celebrates the eternal love between Radha and Krishna. 